we will prepare a recipe for the
great for kids anyway
can be prepared with children with
yes yes very good tip thanks to
the use of a microwave especially
whirlpool crisis handset will be able to
to make a floating island with caramel and
almonds hours you will see it's
extremely easy the white sheep
like magic in the microwave
it takes barely two minutes and we have
tent islands on which we did not
more than add a milk caramel
some broken almonds
it's very fast we go right now
we will prepare the whites 2 3 whites 2
for this recipe
I'm going to climb them by hand on the
weight of sugar we put a tiny
part of sugar points at the beginning
here are the whites are almost climb on
add the end of the sugar and we will be able to
to squeeze them that is to say the crazy ones were
very very strong to complete the effect
technical rebound
whites are now enough
climb is cooked we will be able to get them out
directly
we will drop the spoon and caramel
dairy in the little hollow that has
formed during cooking
I am crushed a few fines that
we can have done just a little bit
possibly grilled in an oven
for a few seconds
the mounted whites are finished that's
really child's play with almost a
magic trick in the oven
especially it's a recipe to make and
enjoy with the little ones I
also benefits